---
title: College
date: 2016-03-20 17:00:00 Z
permalink: "/college/"
layout: post
subtitle: Tell me your story
---

Each year, admissions committees sort through GPAs, SAT and ACT scores, portfolios, lists of honors and awards and activities, and letters of recommendation trying to build a portrait of what each applicant is really like.

And each year, once the admissions officers have sorted through all the numbers and all the lists and letters, they complete their portrait of you by reading your essays.

They want to know why they should choose you.

They want you to tell them your story.

Jean Mishkin has spent decades helping students find and write their stories.

With Jean’s hands-on support, her clients have crafted well-written and creative essays that have gained them admission to a wide range of colleges and universities – large research universities, small liberal arts colleges, Ivy League schools, and specialized fine art and design colleges and programs:

<div class="clearfix">
<div class="sm-col sm-col-12 md-col-6 lg-col-6">
<ul>
<li>American University</li>
<li>Babson College</li>
<li>Barnard College</li>
<li>Bloomsberg University of Pennsylvania</li>
<li>Boston University</li>
<li>Brandeis University</li>
<li>Brooklyn College Barry R. Feirstein Graduate School of Cinema</li>
<li>Colgate University</li>
<li>Colorado College</li>
<li>Columbia University</li>
<li>Cornell University</li>
<li>Deep Springs College</li>
<li>Drexel University</li>
<li>Elon University</li>
<li>George Washington University</li>
<li>Georgetown University</li>
<li>Haas School of Business, UC Berkeley</li>
<li>Hampton University</li>
<li>Ithaca College</li>
<li>Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University</li>
<li>Lehigh University</li>
<li>Lynn University</li>
<li>Moravian College</li>
<li>NYU</li>
<li>Northeastern University</li>
<li>Penn State</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="sm-col sm-col-12 md-col-6 lg-col-6">
<ul>
<li>Rhode Island School of Design</li>
<li>Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey</li>
<li>Stanford University</li>
<li>Syracuse University</li>
<li>SUNY Buffalo</li>
<li>Trinity College</li>
<li>Tufts University</li>
<li>Tulane University</li>
<li>Union College</li>
<li>University College London, Slade School of Fine Art</li>
<li>University of Arizona</li>
<li>University of California, Berkeley</li>
<li>University of Chicago</li>
<li>University of Connecticut</li>
<li>University of Delaware</li>
<li>University of Hartford, Hartt School</li>
<li>University of Maryland</li>
<li>University of Michigan, Ann Arbor</li>
<li>University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill</li>
<li>University of Oxford, The Ruskin School of Art</li>
<li>University of Pennsylvania</li>
<li>University of Richmond</li>
<li>University of Rhode Island</li>
<li>University of Tampa</li>
<li>University of Wisconsin, Madison</li>
<li>Yale University</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

“What should I write about?  I have nothing to say!”

Everyone who has gone to high school has a story to tell – and probably more than one!

Jean Mishkin starts at the beginning – she helps you choose essay topics by talking with you about the most important part of the essay – you!  By talking with you about your classes, your hobbies, the jobs you have had, the art you create, the sports you play, Jean will help you see that you have a lot to offer to a college admissions committee – and that choosing an essay topic is not as difficult as it may seem.

Jean will work with you from the first draft through to the final product  – no matter how many revisions it takes and no matter how many times you decide, “I’m starting over”.

Jean Mishkin will work with you word by word, sentence by sentence, paragraph by paragraph, to help you write your story in a compelling and creative way so that when the admissions committee reads it they will know who you really are and why you are a great fit for their school.
