---
layout: post
title:  "Theses"
subtitle: "Undergraduate - Graduate"
date:   2016-03-20 17:00:00 -0000
permalink: /theses/
---
Writing one’s thesis is both a scholarly endeavor and a creative process.  Jean Mishkin understands the balance that is required to produce an outstanding thesis.

By tailoring her editorial support to the specific needs of each project, Jean Mishkin helps her clients produce their best work – many of her clients have won top honors for their theses and all of her clients have received their degrees on time.

Whether starting at the earliest stages of developing the thesis proposal or later in your writing process, Jean will work with you to produce a thesis that presents your ideas, your research and your creativity in a writing style that is both clear and compelling.

With Jean’s advice, your drafts will anticipate many of the organizational issues that may be raised by your thesis committee thereby precluding the need to repeatedly restructure and rewrite the document.  With Jean’s assistance, you will be able to quickly identify and correct problems and stay on track to complete your thesis on schedule.

With Jean’s expert help, your thesis will be carefully formatted to ensure that it is in conformity with the academic writing standards of your college or university.  Jean will copy edit each draft for appropriate word choice, sentence and paragraph structure, grammar, punctuation, and spelling so that producing a final, polished work is a seamless process.

Jean Mishkin will work with you from start to finish, word by word, sentence by sentence, paragraph by paragraph.

Strong scholarship deserves strong writing.
